[size=150]Who we are[/size]
Underground Forest is an all new members only modding forum. We are oriented in teaching in addition to straight out releasing.


[size=150]Beta Tester Membership[/size]
by getting the Beta Tester Membership, you have access to beta test our newest program MW2 Map Designer (name TBD). This means as long as you are a Beta Tester Member (or higher), you will be able to use this program and receive updates fresh out of the oven as they are being developed. You will also play an essential part in the development of the program by finding bugs and offering feedback on things to change. Who knows, your idea may end up in the program!

[size=150]Coder's Membership[/size]
The Coder's Membership is the all-in-one resource for your coding needs. Included in this membership is an advanced code bank, advanced patch section, advanced tutorial section, and my own support section. In addition you also receive and Beta Tester Membership. The advanced code bank section is a safe-heaven for coders to release new codes. This forum is members only so there is no need to worry about "leaches". Everybody has the same intentions of better the modding community as a whole.  The advanced patch section goes along the same lines as the advanced code bank.  Because these are both members only, you will see members (as well as myself) by more freely releasing codes. This means the advanced code bank as well as the advanced patch section will always have the newest and greatest codes for you to use. Keeping in the mindset of learning, the advanced tutorial section includes all of the important modding tutorials on the web plus exclusive tutorials found no where else to further your understanding of modding. If you ever need help in your coding conquest, the support section is where you can seek it. Just post your questions and myself or other members will do everything we can to get your problem fixed.

[size=150]Hoster's Membership[/size]
The Hoster's Membership is one step up from the Coder's Membership. In addition to all the benefits of the Coder's and Beta Tester's Memberships, You will receive a copy of ComboPass plus have access to the KV Share.  The KV share is a section where members (including myself) are free to share their KVs with other members. This section can only be accessed by persons with the Hoster's Membership, so you know your KV will not be passed around except to a handful of members. This could save you a lot of money on KVs as long as members do their part and share their own KVs once in a while.

-Thanks